*: update the description of the foreign key (#1526)
pingcap/docs: dev/reference/sql/constraints.md

ALTER TABLE orders ADD FOREIGN KEY fk_user_id (user_id) REFERENCES users(id);
```

> ### Attention

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Notes
```

> * TiDB supports foreign keys so that no errors are reported for this syntax when migrating other databases. Currently foreign keys are not enforced as part of DML operations. For example, in TiDB the following transaction commits successfully even though there is no `user_id` with `id=123`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* TiDB supports foreign keys so that no errors are reported for this syntax when migrating data from other databases. Currently, foreign keys are not enforced as part of DML operations. For example, even though there is no such record as `id=123` in the `users` table, the following transaction commits successfully in TiDB:
```

> * TiDB supports foreign keys so that no errors are reported for this syntax when migrating data from other databases. Currently, foreign keys are not enforced as part of DML operations. For example, even though there is no such record as `user_id` in the `users` table, the following transaction commits successfully in TiDB:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* TiDB supports foreign keys so that no errors are reported for this syntax when migrating data from other databases. Currently, foreign keys are not enforced as part of DML operations. For example, even though there is no such record as `id=123` in the `users` table, the following transaction commits successfully in TiDB:
```

    ```
    START TRANSACTION;
    INSERT INTO orders (user_id, doc) VALUES (123, NULL);
    COMMIT;
    ```

> * In TiDB, foreign key does not display after the `SHOW CREATE TABLE` statement executes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In TiDB, the foreign key information is not displayed in the execution result of the `SHOW CREATE TABLE` statement.
```
